release-schema.json: rename AwardCriterionNumber to CriterionNumber a… (#5)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_awardCriteria_extension: README.md

## Changelog

### 2022-04-25

> * Rename AwardCriterionNumber to `CriterionNumber` and update descriptions in "criterionThreshold.csv"

Reviewer: Based on the [bids extension changelog](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/bids/master/#changelog), codelist CSV names should be in backticks:

```suggestion
* Rename AwardCriterionNumber to `CriterionNumber` and update descriptions in `criterionThreshold.csv`
```

> * Rename AwardCriterionNumber to `CriterionNumber` and update descriptions in `criterionThreshold.csv`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add requests to participate to `criterionThreshold.csv` code descriptions.
* Generalize AwardCriterionNumber to `CriterionNumber` for reuse in other extensions.
```
